Good Evening and Welcome to the Simple Compiler!
The goal of this project is to take a Simple program that you have written and run it! Exciting, I know!
To achive this goal, it'll be like a stalking an ex which is to say it'll be a group project.
You are able to write a program using our languague. To do this, you must create a file named simple.txt - This will be the file containing the program. 
From there, you can write your program. It must be in the format of Line Number then a space then the commmand. 
I.E. 56 input x 
The line number is the first part of the line and must be a unique postive whole number less than 100. Repeating line numbers in the same program will though an error.
The command is the next part of the line. With the Simple Languge, you have access to many commands. These include, and are limited to, the following:

let - The let command is the word let followed by a varabile set equal to some expresion. I.E. - let x = 5 + y. This command sets the variable on the left hand side of the equal signs equal to the right hand expression.  There must be one space between each letter and number and operator (ex. x = 5+y is NOT valid)

input - The input command is the word input followed by a variable. I.E. input x. This command takes an input from the user and assaigns the variable to the inputed value.

print - The print command is the word print followed by a variable - I.E. print x. This command takes prints out what ever is stored in x.  If the variable has not been declared it creates a space for it and moves on. If you declare it later and goto the current spot, it will work.  If you don't, that's a runtime error e.g. your problem.

Rem - The reminder command is the word rem followed by a string - I.E. rem This Program might save my marrige. This command doesn't excute anything and serves as away to let you comment your code.

end - The end command is the word end. I.E. end. This command ends the excution of the code.

goto- The goto command is the word goto followed by a line number. I.E. goto 40. This command goes to the specified line number and begins to excute from there. 
 
if - The if command is the word if followed by a variable then a comparison operator (==, !=, <=, >=, <, >) and an operation that can include variables, literals, and operators which is folowed by goto linenum.  I.E. if x > y + 3 * z goto 30.  There must be one space between each letter and number and operator (ex. if x != 5+y goto 35 is NOT valid).  If a variable on the left side has not been declared it creates a space for it and moves on. If you declare it later and goto the current spot, it will work.  If you don't, that's a runtime error e.g. your problem.


Now that you have a program made. Here's how you run it in the termainal:
1.) go to the simple language folder and run this from the termainal to compile the program:  g++ SLang.cpp SLang.h main.cpp -std=c++11 -o main

2.) Then, when you want to run a program call this from the terminal in the simple languge folder: ./main

And now, you are a pro! I'm so proud of you (but more proud of your brother, Steve).


